...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: CompareVisual.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:58:20 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH CompareVisual 3X
.SH NAME
\*LCompareVisual \*O\(em Command to compare/record widget visuals.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LCompareVisual\*O
\*VWidgetName [Component]\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LCompareVisual\*O
command will either record or compare the visual of the widget \*VWidgetName\*O.
In record mode, \*LCompareVisual\*O will
record a visual image of the specified widget.
In playback mode, \*LCompareVisual\*O will
compare the requested widget or component of the widget against the image
stored in the visual comparison file.
If the stored image cannot be read, a warning will be
issued and visual comparisons will be turned off for the remainder
of the test. The visual algorithm records visual images independently
of the current colormap, therefore 
the specific colors used will not be compared. 
If the environment variable \*L$AUTOVPATH\*O is set, this path will
be prepended to the name of the visual comparison file for writing or
reading the visual file.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 10n
The XtName representing the widget you wish to take an action on.
.IP "\*V[Component]\*O"
Particular component within the widget. See \*LComponentList(3X)\*O for
a full list of supported Components.
.PP 
For more information about \*LCompareVisual\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LCompareVisual ArrowButton1\*O
.PP
This will either record or compare the widget ArrowButton1.
If the test is run with the -r option visuals will be 
recorded, else the visual comparisons will take place.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O
.ad
