...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: DragXYRelative.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:59:37 drk $
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH DragXYRelative 3X
.SH NAME
\*LDragXYRelative \*O\(em Command to drag in Delta X, Delta Y direction
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LDragXYRelative\*O
\*VDirection Delta1 [Delta2]\*O
.br
\*V[ModifierList]* [Button]\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LDragXYRelative\*O
command will drag to a coordinate location in a widget hierarchy. 
The Drag will begin at the cursor's current location (see \*LLocatePointer\*O)
The destination coordinate will be determined by the parameters to this
function. Delta1 and Delta2 are changes in the X or Y direction
(depending on the value of Direction). The \*LDragXYRelative\*O command
is composed of a call to \*LPressMB\*O, a call to \*LLocatePointer\*O
to move to the second coordinate, and a call to \*LReleaseMB\*O.  
.IP "\*VDirection\*O" 14n
Direction in which to Drag. Valid values are \*LUp\*O, \*LDown\*O, \*LRight\*O,
\*LLeft\*O, and
\*LAny\*O. \*LAny\*O indicates a change in both the X and Y direction.
.IP "\*VDelta1\*O"
Change in either the X or Y direction. If \*VDirection\*O is either \*LUp\*O or
\*LDown\*O then \*VDelta1\*O is used as the change in the Y direction. 
If \*VDirection\*O
is \*LRight\*O, \*LLeft\*O, or \*LAny\*O, then \*VDelta1\*O 
is the change in the X direction.
.IP "\*V[Delta2]\*O"
Change in the Y direction (only used if \*VDirection\*O is \*LAny\*O).
.IP "\*V[ModifierList]*\*O" 
List of Modifiers to modify the mouse button press. For a full list of
available modifiers see \*LModifierList(3X)\*O. The default is no modifiers.
.IP "\*V[Button]\*O"
Button to be pressed. For a full list of available
buttons see \*LButtonList(3X)\*O. The default is Button1.
.PP 
For more information about \*LDragXYRelative\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LDragXYRelative Any 100 -10 <Alt> Btn3\*O
.PP
This result of this command is to Drag from the current location to
(CurrentX + 100, CurrentY - 10), using Button3 modified by the \*LAlt\*O key.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O, \*LPressMB(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseMB(3X)\*O, 
\*LDragComponent(3X)\*O, \*LDragSliderValue(3X)\*O, \*LModifierList(3X)\*O,
\*LComponentList(3X)\*O
.ad
