...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: DragComponent.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 19:59:14 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH DragComponent 3X
.SH NAME
\*LDragComponent \*O\(em Command to drag within a component of a widget.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LDragComponent\*O
\*VWidgetName Component Destination [ModifierList]* [Button]\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LDragComponent\*O
command will drag between two subcomponents of a widget. This command
will be used in a List widget to drag between List items, and also
will be used in a Text widget to drag between text characters (to make
primary and secondary selections). This command should follow a command to
\*LLocatePointer\*O to a subcomponent where the drag
will begin. The \*LDragComponent\*O command will then cause a drag 
action between the
two points, current and specified.  
The \*LDragComponent\*O command is composed of a call to 
\*LPressMB\*O, a call to \*LLocatePointer\*O to move to the destination, 
and then a call to \*LReleaseMB\*O. The mouse button used in the drag may
be specified with optional argument \*VButton\*O.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 13n
The XtName representing the widget you wish to take an action on.
.IP "\*VComponent\*O"
Particular component within the widget. See \*LComponentList(3X)\*O for
a full list of supported components.
.IP "\*VDestination\*O"
Number correponding to the index within the component. In the case where the
component is \*VRListItem\*O, \*VDestination\*O refers to the list item
number (0 is the first element in the list). If the component is 
\*VRTextChar\*O, \*VDestination\*O refers to the character position with the
Text widget (0 is the first character).
.IP "\*V[ModifierList]*\*O" 
List of Modifiers to modify the mouse button press. For a full list of
available Modifiers see \*LModifierList(3X)\*O. The default is no modifiers.
.IP "\*V[Button]\*O"
Button to be pressed. For a full list of available
Buttons see \*LButtonList\*O. The default is \*LButton1\*O.
.PP 
For more information about \*LDragComponent\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LLocatePointer Text1 RTextChar 25\*O
.br
\*LDragComponent Text1 RTextChar 30 <Shift> Btn2\*O
.PP
These two commands will drag between character 25 and 
character 30 with Button2 pressed, modified by Shift.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O, \*LPressMB(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseMB(3X)\*O, 
\*LDragXYRelative(3X)\*O, \*LDragSliderValue(3X)\*O,
\*LModifierList(3X)\*O, \*LComponentList(3X)\*O
.ad
