...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: IconMenuSelect.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:00:41 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH IconMenuSelect 3X
.SH NAME
\*LIconMenuSelect \*O\(em Command to select an item from the icon menu
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LIconMenuSelect\*O
\*VWidgetName <ItemName | ItemNum>\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LIconMenuSelect\*O
command will select the menu item specified by 
\*VItemName\*O or
\*VItemNum\*O
from the icon menu of the window associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O.
If
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
This function is executed by moving the pointer down the systemMenu
posted on the icon of the window to the item specified and
generating a Select button click.  If the icon is within the
iconBox, and is not visible, scrolling in horizontal and/or vertical
direction(s) is performed in the iconBox, until the icon associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O is visible. If the selected item is insensitive,
a warning will be printed, and the menu unposted.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 12n
The XtName representing the widget to be acted upon.
.IP "\*VItemName\*O"
Name of the item in the menu you wish to select.
.IP "\*VItemNum\*O" 
Number in the menu corresponding to the item you wish to select.
.PP
For more information about \*LIconMenuSelect\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LIconMenuSelect Shell1 Normalize\*O
.PP
This command will move the pointer to the item \*LNormalize\*O in the
icon window menu of Shell1 , and select it, thereby deiconifying the
window.
.PP
\*LIconMenuSelect Shell1 3\*O
.PP
This command will move the pointer to item number 3 of the icon window 
menu of Shell1, and select it.
.SH NOTE
\*EIn Release 1.2, the \*LMove\*E item is removed from the icon menu. 
However, the \*LMove\*E
operation is provided through the command \*LIconMove\*O.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LIconMove\*O, \*LIconMenuPost(3X)\*O, \*LIconMenuUnpost(3X)\*O
.ad
