...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: IconMove.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:01:01 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH IconMove 3X
.SH NAME
\*LIconMove \*O\(em Command to move the icon
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LIconMove\*O
\*VWidgetName x y\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LIconMove\*O
command will move the icon window associated with the specified
\*VWidgetName\*O
to the location specified by
\*Vx, y\*O.
If the
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
If the icon is within the iconBox, this command does nothing.
Otherwise, this function is executed by moving the pointer to the 
middle of the icon window, and generating a Select button 
press and drag until the icon window is positioned at
\*Vx, y\*O.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 10n
The XtName representing the widget to be acted upon.
.IP "\*Vx\*O" 10n
X coordinate of the new position on the screen to which you wish to move the
icon.
.IP "\*Vy\*O" 10n
Y coordinate of the new position on the screen to which you wish to move the
icon.
.PP
For more information about \*LIconMove\*O, see
the \*LOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
\*LIconMove Shell1 100 100\*O
.PP
This command will move the icon window associated with Shell1 to 
location (100, 100) on the screen, by visually dragging the icon window 
with the pointer. If iconBox is present, this command is a no-op.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LIconMenuPost(3X)\*O, \*LIconMenuUnpost(3X)\*O, \*LIconMenuSelect(3X)\*O
.ad
