...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: KeyList.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:01:22 drk $
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH KeyList 3X
.SH NAME
\*LKeyList \*O\(em List of available keys for Automation.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LKeyList\*O
is a List of the keyboard keys which can be within Automation. 
This list 
has two categories: first, a list of the Motif Virtual
Keys supported by Automation, and second, a list of supported standard keyboard
keys.  This list complies with the standard keys supported by X and Motif.
The user's .motifbind file may define additional or different
virtual bindings.
.SH Virtual Bindings:
\*VKBackSpace\*O,
\*VKInsert\*O,
\*VKDelete\*O,
\*VKCopy\*O,
\*VKCut\*O,
\*VKPaste\*O,
\*VKAddMode\*O,
\*VKPrimaryPaste\*O,
\*VKQuickPaste\*O,
\*VKPageUp\*O,
\*VKPageDown\*O,
\*VKEndLine\*O,
\*VKBeginLine\*O,
\*VKActivate\*O,
\*VKMenuBar\*O,
\*VKClear\*O,
\*VKCancel\*O,
\*VKHelp\*O,
\*VKMenu\*O,
\*VKSelect\*O,
\*VKUndo\*O,
\*VKUp\*O,
\*VKRight\*O,
\*VKDown\*O,
\*VKLeft\*O,
\*VKBackTab\*O,
\*VKBeginData\*O,
\*VKDeselectAll\*O,
\*VKEndData\*O,
\*VKEnter\*O,
\*VKEscape\*O,
\*VKExtend\*O,
\*VKNextField\*O,
\*VKNextMenu\*O,
\*VKPageRight\*O,
\*VKPageLeft\*O,
\*VKPrevField\*O,
\*VKPrevMenu\*O,
\*VKPrimaryCopy\*O,
\*VKPrimaryCut\*O,
\*VKQuickCopy\*O,
\*VKQuickCut\*O,
\*VKQuickExtend\*O,
\*VKReselect\*O,
\*VKRestore\*O,
\*VKSelectAll\*O,
\*VKSpace\*O,
\*VKTab\*O 
.SH Regular Keys:
\*VKa - Kz\*O,
\*VK0 - K9\*O,
\*VKSlash\*O,
\*VKBackSlash\*O,
\*VKBraceRight\*O,
\*VKBraceLeft\*O,
\*VKBracketRight\*O,
\*VKBracketLeft\*O,
\*VKReturn\*O,
\*VKExcalmation\*O,
\*VKAt\*O,
\*VKNumberSign\*O,
\*VKDollar\*O,
\*VKPercent\*O,
\*VKCaret\*O,
\*VKAmpersand\*O,
\*VKAsterisk\*O,
\*VKParenLeft\*O,
\*VKParenRight\*O
.PP
For more information about \*LKeyList\*O, in specific the uses of all these
keys see the \*LVirtualBindings(3X)\*O reference page 
in the \*EOSF/Motif Programmer's
Reference Manual\*O; also see the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance
Test Suite 
User's Guide\*O.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LPressKey(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseKey(3X)\*O, \*LClickKey(3X)\*O,
\*LModifierList(3X)\*O
.ad
