...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: LocatePointer.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:01:33 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH LocatePointer 3X
.SH NAME
\*LLocatePointer \*O\(em Command to move the pointer to a specified location
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LLocatePointer\*O
\*VWidgetName [Component] [Destination]\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LLocatePointer\*O
command will move the pointer over any widget in the current
widget hierarchy. 
If only a \*VWidgetName\*L argument is supplied, the pointer will
be moved over the midpoint of that widget. Optionally, 
the pointer can move to the specified
component within a widget (for example, to a certain character in a 
text widget). The \*Vdestination\*O argument to \*LLocatePointer\*O
orders the automation code to move \*Eoff\*O of the given widget in a
the specified direction.
This option is very useful for synthesizing traversal within menus.
.IP "\*VWidget\*O" 14n
The XtName of the widget to be acted upon.
.IP "\*V[Component]\*O"
Particular component within the widget. See \*LComponentList(3X)\*O for
a full list of supported components.
.IP "\*V[Destination]\*O"
\*VDestination\*O can be either an integer correponding to an index within 
the \*Vcomponent\*O, or one of the following literals.
\*LOff\*O, \*LLeft\*O, \*LRight\*O, \*LDown\*O and \*LUp\*O 
will move the pointer off the widget specified in the direction specified. 
\*VOff\*O will take the quickest path possible.  In the case where the
component is \*LRListItem\*O, \*VDestination\*O refers to the visible list item
number (0 is the first visible element in the list; the list refers only
to visible items). A value of \*LMax\*O for
\*VDestination\*O in a List refers to the last visible item, 
while \*LMin\*O refers to the first visible item.
If the component is \*VRTextChar\*O, \*VDestination\*O refers to the visible
character position in the Text widget (0 is the first visible character).
A value of \*LMax\*O for \*VDestination\*O in a Text widget refers to the
area after the last visible character, while \*LMin\*O refers to the area
before the first visible character.
.PP
For more information about \*LLocatePointer\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LLocatePointer List1 RListItem 2\*O
.PP
This will move the pointer over the 3rd Item in List1.
.PP 
\*LLocatePointer Text1 RTextChar Max\*O
.PP
This will move the pointer to the area after the last visible character
in Text1.
.PP
\*LLocatePointer\*O \*VCascadeButton1 Right\*O
.PP
This command will move the pointer off CascadeButton1 to the right.
This command is very useful in traversing menus.
.PP
\*LLocatePointer\*O \*VPulldown1 RTearOffButton\*O
.PP
This command will move to the TearOff button associated with the
Pulldown menu. The Pulldown menu needs to be visible and the TearOff
feature must be enabled.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LComponentList(3X)\*O, \*LLocatePointerXYAbs\*O
.ad
