...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: Manual.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:01:53 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH Manual 3X
.SH NAME
\fBManual \fP\(em Command to enter Manual mode.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBManual\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\fBManual\fP
command will put the test into Manual mode. Manual mode is when events
from the actual user can be sent to the current hierarchy. When Manual
mode is entered, an Information Dialog will be placed at (500, 0) which
is on top of the InstructionBox. To exit Manual mode, simply click on the
OK button of the Information Dialog, and the test will move the pointer 
back to the location where
it was located before Manual mode started. As soon as the OK button is
clicked, the test will go back into Automated mode. Manual mode should be
used as a debugging tool in conjuction with -W option. Once Automation has
created you the xwd dumps of the failed image, you can run the previous
version of the test (which compared properly) and use Manual to stop
Automated processing at the point of failure.
This way use can use xmag on the xwd dump and on the test running in Manual
mode to identify the pixel failures.
.SH EXAMPLE
\fBManual\fP
.PP
This will put the test in Manual mode.
.PP 
For more information about \fBManual\fP, see
the \fBOSF/Motif Test Suite Automation User's Guide\fP.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
.ad
