...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: ModifierList.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:02:04 drk $
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH ModifierList 3X
.SH NAME
\*LModifierList \*O\(em List of available Modifiers for Automation.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LModifierList\*O
is a List of the available Modifiers. Modifiers can be combined in any 
combination. No more than 5 different 
modifiers can be specified.  
This list is based on the modifiers supported by the \*EX Window System\*O.
.IP "\*V<Shift>\*O" 10n
Shift Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Lock>\*O" 
Lock Modifer.
.IP "\*V<Ctrl>\*O"
Control Modifer.
.IP "\*V<Meta>\*O"
Meta Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Alt>\*O"
Alt Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Mod1>\*O"
Mod1 Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Mod2>\*O"
Mod2 Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Mod3>\*O"
Mod3 Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Mod4>\*O"
Mod4 Modifier.
.IP "\*V<Mod5>\*O"
Mod5 Modifier.
.PP
For more information about \*LModifierList\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LPressMB(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseMB(3X)\*O, \*LClickMB\*O,
\*LDragComponent(3X)\*O, \*LDragXYRelative(3X)\*O, \*LDragSliderValue(3X)\*O,
\*LKeyList(3X)\*O, \*LButtonList(3X)\*O
.ad
