...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: PressKey.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:04:08 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH PressKey 3X
.SH NAME
\*LPressKey \*O\(em Command to press a standard key.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LPressKey\*O
\*V[ModifierList]* Key\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LPressKey\*O
command will simulate the pressing of a key on the standard keyboard
(including Motif Virtual Keys).
The key press maybe modified by any of the standard X modifiers (any
combination). This function is usually accompanied by doing a 
\*LLocatePointer\*O first to a region which accepts keyboard input. 
Be sure that \*LPressKey\*O is executed over a widget in the current
widget hierarchy.
.IP "\*V[ModifierList]*\*O" 14n
List of Modifiers to modify the key press. For a full list of available
Modifiers see \*LModifierList(3X)\*O. The default is no modifiers.
.IP "\*VButton\*O"
Key to be pressed. For a full list of available Keys see \*LKeyList(3X)\*O.
.PP 
For more information about \*LPressKey\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LPressKey <Alt> KRight\*O
.PP
This will press the KRight (right arrow) key with the modifier Alt.
.PP
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LLocatePointer(3X)\*O, \*LReleaseKey(3X)\*O, \*LClickKey(3X)\*O, 
\*LKeyList(3X)\*O, \*LModifierList(3X)\*O
.ad
