...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: WindowItemCheck.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:06:11 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH WindowItemCheck 3X
.SH NAME
\*LWindowItemCheck \*O\(em Command to check the existance of a window 
decoration or a window menu item of a window
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LWindowItemCheck\*O
\*VWidgetName ItemGroup ItemName\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LWindowItemCheck\*O
command will check whether the item specified by \*VItemName\*O is
present as part of the \*VItemGroup\*O in the window associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O.
If
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
\*VItemGroup\*O can be one of \*LRWindowDecoration\*O, \*LRWindowMenu\*O,
or \*LRIconMenu\*O, and indicates which portion of window management will
be checked. The command prints out a message saying
whether the specified item is present or not.
.PP
If \*VItemGroup\*O is specified as \*LRWindowDecoration\*O, then 
\*VItemName\*O should be one of \*LRResizeHandles\*O, \*LRBorder\*O, 
\*LRTitle\*O, \*LRSystemMenu\*O, \*LRMinimize\*O, or \*LRMaximize\*O. If,
on the other hand, \*VItemGroup\*O is either \*LRWindowMenu\*O, or 
\*LRIconMenu\*O, then \*VItemName\*O can be any character string.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 14n
The XtName of the widget to be acted upon.
.IP "\*VItemGroup\*O" 14n
String defining the group indicating the part of the window management
that is being checked.
.IP "\*VItemName\*O" 14n
String defining the actual item that is being checked for existance.
.PP
For more information about \*LWindowItemCheck\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LWindowItemCheck Shell1 RWindowDecoration RMinimize\*O
.PP
This will check the window decoration for the presence of minimize button.
If the minimize button is present the message, the following message will
be printed.
.oS
RMinimize IS present as part of decorations.
.oE
.PP
If RMinimize is not present, the following message will be printed.
.oS
RMinimize NOT present as part of decorations.
.oE
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LWindowRaise(3X)\*O, \*LWindowIconify(3X)\*O, \*LWindowDeiconify(3X)\*O,
\*LWindowMenuPost(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMenuUnpost(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMenuSelect(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMaximize(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowNormalize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMove(3X)\*O \*LWindowResize(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowFocus(3X)\*O
.ad
