...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: WindowDeiconify.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:05:40 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH WindowDeiconify 3X
.SH NAME
\*LWindowDeiconify \*O\(em Command to deiconify a window
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LWindowDeiconify\*O
\*VWidgetName\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LWindowDeiconify\*O
command will deiconify the window associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O.
If
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
If the icon is within the IconBox, and is not visible, scrolling
in horizontal and/or vertical direction(s) is performed in the
iconBox, until the icon associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O
is visible. Actual deiconifying is executed by moving the pointer
to the icon within/without the iconBox, and generating a double click
of the Select button.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 14n
The XtName of the widget to be acted upon.
.PP
For more information about \*LWindowDeiconify\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LWindowDeiconify Shell1\*O
.PP
This will move the pointer to the icon of \*LShell1\*O and deiconify it by
generating a double click of the Select button. If the icon is within the
IconBox and not within view, this command will first move the
pointer to horizontal and/or vertical scrollbars of the IconBox, and
generate the necessary number of button clicks to scroll the icon 
into view.
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LWindowRaise(3X)\*O, \*LWindowIconify(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMenuPost(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMenuUnpost(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMenuSelect(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMaximize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowNormalize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMove(3X)\*O
\*LWindowResize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowFocus(3X)\*O
.ad
