...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: WindowResize.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:08:02 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH WindowResize 3X
.SH NAME
\*LWindowResize \*O\(em Command to resize the window
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LWindowResize\*O
\*VWidgetName gravity dimension [dimension]\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LWindowResize\*O
command will resize the window associated with
\*VWidgetName\*O.
If
\*VWidgetName\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
This command is executed by moving the pointer to one of the 
resize handles of the window, pressing mouse Select button,
and dragging it until the window has the desired size.
.PP
The argument \*Vgravity\*O specifies which resize handle will be used to
resize the window. 
\*LNorth, South, East, West, NorthEast, NorthWest, SouthEast,
SouthWest\*O are legal values for \*Vgravity\*O.
If \*Vgravity\*O is \*LNorth\*O or \*LSouth\*O, the first
\*Vdimension\*O is taken as the new height for the window. If
\*Vgravity\*O is \*LEast\*O or \*LWest\*O, the first \*Vdimension\*O
is taken as the new width of the window. If \*Vgravity\*O is
\*LNorthEast\*O, \*LNorthWest\*O, \*LSouthEast\*O or \*LSouthWest\*O,
the first \*Vdimension\*O is taken as the new width of the window, and 
the (optional) second \*Vdimension\*O is taken as the new height of the 
window.
.IP "\*VWidgetName\*O" 14n
The XtName of the widget to be acted upon.
.IP "\*Vgravity\*O" 14n
String defining the gravity which is used to determine which resize
handle will be used and how the \*Vdimension\*O argument(s) will be
interpreted.
.IP "\*Vdimension\*O" 14n
Number defining the new size in any one direction. If 
\*Vgravity\*O is specified as either \*LNorth\*O or \*LSouth\*O, 
\*Vdimension\*O will be interpreted as
the new height of the window; otherwise, it will be
interpreted as the new width of the window.
.IP "\*V[dimension]\*O" 14n
Number defining the new height of the window if  
\*Vgravity\*O is \*LNorthEast\*O, \*LNorthWest\*O, \*LSouthEast\*O
or \*LSouthWest\*O; otherwise this is ignored.
.PP
For more information about \*LWindowResize\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LWindowResize Shell1 SouthEast 200 250\*O
.PP
This will move the pointer to the resize handle at the lower right corner 
of the window associated with Shell1 and generate diagonal drag with 
Select button down until the window's size is 200x250.
.PP
\*LWindowResize Shell1 South 300\*O
.PP
This will move the pointer to the middle of the bottom resize handle
of the window associated with Shell1 and generate vertical drag with Select 
button down, until the height of the window is 300.
.PP
\*LWindowResize Shell1 West 300\*O
.PP
This will move the pointer to the middle of the left resize handle
of the window associated with Shell1 and generate horizontal drag with 
Select button down, until the width of the window is 300.
.PP
\*LWindowResize Shell1 SouthWest 400\*O
.PP
This will move the pointer to the resize handle at the bottom left corner 
of the window associated with Shell1 and generate horizontal drag with 
Select button down, until the width of the window is 400.
.PP
\*LWindowResize Shell1 North 450 500\*O
.PP
This will move the pointer to the middle of the top resize handle
of the window associated with Shell1 and generate vertical drag with 
Select button down, until the height of the window is 450.  The second 
\*Vdimension\*O, 500, is ignored for this gravity.
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LWindowRaise(3X)\*O, \*LWindowIconify(3X)\*O, \*LWindowDeiconify(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMenuPost(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMenuUnpost(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMenuSelect(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMaximize(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowNormalize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMove(3X)\*O, \*LWindowFocus(3X)\*O
.ad
