...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
# $XConsortium: WindowMenuSelect.3X /main/4 1995/07/13 20:06:52 drk $
...\" **
...\" **
...\" **  (c) Copyright 1991, 1992 by Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" **      All Rights Reserved.
...\" **
...\" **
.TH WindowMenuSelect 3X
.SH NAME
\*LWindowMenuSelect \*O\(em Command to select an item from the window menu
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*LWindowMenuSelect\*O
\*Vwidgetname <ItemName | ItemNum>\*O
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
\*LWindowMenuSelect\*O
command will select the menu item specified by 
\*VItemName\*O or
\*VItemNum\*O
from the window menu on the window associated with
\*Vwidgetname\*O.
If
\*Vwidgetname\*O
is not a shell with its own window on the display, the window
of the nearest shell parent in the widget hierarchy will be used.
This function is executed by moving the pointer down the systemMenu
to the item specified and generating a Select button click.
If the selected item is insensitive, a warning will be printed and 
the menu unposted.
.IP "\*Vwidgetname\*O" 14n
The XtName of the widget to be acted upon.
.IP "\*VItemName\*O" 14n
Name of the item in the menu you wish to select.
.IP "\*VItemNum\*O" 14n
Number in the menu corresponding to the item you wish to select.
.PP
For more information about \*LWindowMenuSelect\*O, see
the \*EOSF/Motif Quality Assurance Test Suite User's Guide\*O.
.SH EXAMPLE
\*LWindowMenuSelect Shell1 Lower\*O
.PP
This command will move the pointer to the item \*LLower\*O in the
window menu of the window associated with \*LShell1\*O, and select it.
.PP
\*LWindowMenuSelect Shell1 3\*O
.PP
This command will move the pointer to item number 3 of the window menu
of the window associated with \*LShell1\*O, and select it.
.SH NOTE
\*EIn version 1.2, items \*LMove\*E and \*LSize\*E 
are removed from the window menu. 
However, the corresponding operations are provided through the commands 
\*LWindowMove\*E and \*LWindowResize\*E respectively\*O.
.SH "RELATED INFORMATION"
.na
\*LWindowRaise(3X)\*O, \*LWindowIconify(3X)\*O, \*LWindowDeIconify(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMenuPost(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMenuUnPost(3X)\*O, 
\*LWindowMaximize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowNormalize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowMove(3X)\*O
\*LWindowResize(3X)\*O, \*LWindowFocus(3X)\*O
.ad
