.\" $XConsortium: panner.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:48:10 drk $
...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH panner 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\fBpanner\fR\(emVirtual screen support demo
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\fBpanner\fR
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
Panner demonstrates how an application can interface to Mwm's virtual
screen support protocol.  The protocol allows other application to pan
the desktop Mwm is running on.  With Panner, you can see a miniature
version of your desktop and interactively pan the display.
Panner also allows you to connect to other displays and pan (see) them as well.
.\" Please use this feature with discretion; it can be most anoying to
.\" others >:-).  Also note that Panner will only work with Mwm 2.0.
.PP
Panner starts up displaying notebook widget with one page.  Each page
in the notebook represents a display screen.  As you add other
displays to Panner, they appear as new pages in the notebook.  In the
notebook page, you should see several colored rectangles. Each
rectangle represents a window on the display.  The is also a dashed
rectangle which represents the display screen.  You can grab hold of
this rectangle using Button1 and interactively move it about the page
causing the display to pan.  If you wish to quickly 'hop' to another
location on the desktop, press Button1 on the destination and the
screen will be centered around that point.
.PP
If your using Motif-2.5.2 (a non-virtual panner) added features are:
Mwm can pan with keys without panner open, Atl-Arrow by default.
Panner Button3 can drag individual windows,
Panner Zoom (for kbd focus click on canvas),
  Zoom see enormous space a new kind of workspaces,
  Zoom in and out works no matter how you resize your window,
  Zoom in greater than 1 to get very smooth panning,
Panner coloring of rectangles,
Panner has desktop edge scrolling which can be turned on or off.
Panner edge scrolling has smooth versus speed options (trade-off).
Panner allows opening a view of (remote) desktop (see code, panning is off).
See mwmrc manpage for added Mwm settings for ~/.mwmrc and ~/.Xdefaults
See NOTES.
.SH COMMANDLIINE OPTIONS
--screen-width=100,
Aspect ratio of panner to desktop.
(the size of icons that represet windows can be made larger or smaller)
.TP
--color-fail,
Prevent color fallback behavior.
.TP
--x-only,
Do not use UTM calling mwm for sending pan notify to Mwm.
(now the only choice, always on)
.TP
--help,
Show options briefly.
.TP
--version,
Show version.
.TP
Also the standard Xt options (ie, -display, -geometry, ...)
.SH MENU OPTIONS
These options can be set by menu.
.TP
--zoom=.8,
Zoom level
.TP
--edge-speed=48.0,
If edge panning, how far to jump (pixels).
.TP
--pan-mult=2.0,
How often to ignore new mouse position updates.  This gives a chance to
start moving the mouse before Xme piles up a long trail of "mouse moved"
messages has piled up (a sluggish start).
.TP
--edge-mult=1.0,
Change how far panner pans per mouse travel when dragging (1-n).
May need to set for x-only or just as preference.
.TP
--edge-slide=1.0,
If edge panning on, the number of frames to animate
(very situational if this is useful).
It may not work for x-only.
.TP
--edge-freq=100.0,
If edge panning, how often to query the pointer in miliseconds.
.TP
--edge-update=10.0,
If edge panning, how often to update panner view (measured in pan counts).
.TP
--b3-upd-freq=10.0,
If dragging window using button3, how often to update view (pan counts).
.TP
MWM options effect panning and panner.  see man mwm(1) for those settings.
.SH NOTES
If your using Motif-2.5.2

A word of advice make sure to panner is in top mwmrc menu so if in a remote
area and you close panner you can re-open it. Restart mwm should be in menu
too.

Panner always "pins" both panner and iconbox: this way you cannot
move where you can't see panner, and if panner is iconized:
the iconbox is still in view so can get panner back; if you try hard you could
separate the iconbox from panner and get stuck (enforced lightly, not fully).

If somehow panning is lost and or windows are lost no need to restart X:
restart mwm, mwm upon managing mwm will place all windows in viewing area.

A Non-Virtual panner just asks windows to move.

Insure .mwmrc or .Xdefaults do not prevent off-screen placement
(do not use "DontMoveOff" would prevent panner from being more useful).

X's virtual screen support seems not effected and works as expected along
with panning.

Some windows may not move if posted in a way to deter window management,
which is intentional.  There is an mwm option for the internal panner
of whether to use only mwm window-move requets, only X requests, or either.

Question:  I want the icon from remote to drag on this desktop?
No not supported per say (X apps allocate resources on server, there
is no server-server sharing of).  Just launch that app again from
remote host using "app -display" on commandline and it's on your desktop!  Or
more annoyingly, you can use Xnest to show a remote desktop in a window or
have mwm connect to a new blank desktop on another server (annoying because
you must switch between desktops which, using X11, isn't at all necessary).
.SH OTHER
.PP
The Display item in the menu bar contains the following items:
.PP
\fBUpdate\fR            This will refresh the notebook page and
.br
                redraw each miniature window.
.PP
\fBNew Display\fR       This will prompt you for the name of a new
.br
                Display connection name.
.PP
---------
.SH THANKS
thanks to Andrew deBlois, original demo submitter, and others who added to it
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
mwmrc(5), mwm(1)
